Removal of support for the object-src directive (#21190)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/106/index.md

## Changes for add-on developers

> - The `object-src` directive in the `"content-security-policy"` manifest key is now optional in Manifest V3. This is because the `object-src` directive is only required for browsers with obsolete [plugins](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Plugin), and browsers enabling Manifest V3 don't contain such plugins. See W3C Web Extensions issue [204](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/204), Remove object-src from the CSP (at least in MV3), for more information. ({{bug(1766881)}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `object-src` directive in the `"content-security-policy"` manifest key is now optional in Manifest V3. This is because the `object-src` directive is only required for browsers with obsolete [plugins](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Plugin), and browsers enabling Manifest V3 don't contain such plugins. See W3C Web Extensions Community Group issue [204](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/204), Remove object-src from the CSP (at least in MV3), for more information. ({{bug(1766881)}})
```

Author: Done

> - The `object-src` directive in the `"content-security-policy"` manifest key is now optional in Manifest V3. This is because the `object-src` directive is only required for browsers with obsolete [plugins](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Plugin), and browsers enabling Manifest V3 don't contain such plugins. See W3C Web Extensions issue [204](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/204), Remove object-src from the CSP (at least in MV3), for more information. ({{bug(1766881)}})

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `object-src` directive in the `"content-security-policy"` manifest key is now optional. This only existed to restrict obsolete [plugins](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Plugin), whose support has been dropped a long time ago from Firefox. See W3C Web Extensions CG [issue 204](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/204), Remove object-src from the CSP (at least in MV3), for more information. ({{bug(1766881)}})
```

The change is not MV3-specific. In the documentation, I mentioned the potential need for keeping it in MV2 in case an extension dev wants to be backwards-compatible with older versions. MV3 is already backwards incompatible, so the concern does not apply there.

The reference to the WECG has been repeated 4 times. It may make sense to create one subsection that explains the background (feel free to use information from the WECG issue) and then refer to that from the docs and changelog.

Author: With regard to the repetition of the WECG reference, given that we're talking about something that is no longer required, adding a specific section seems unnecessary. On the content–security-policy page, maybe we could remove the second two references and just keep the first one?

Reviewer 2: It's no longer required in Firefox nor Firefox.

However, it has been required for a many years in Firefox, and continued to be required in Chrome if one wants to customize the CSP. Documentation and examples will most likely include object-src, so some documentation of the history and an explicit statement that it's not required would be nice.

FYI:
- This only affects extensions that want to customize the CSP in the manifest file.
- In older Firefox, if it wasn't specified, the whole policy was ignored and the default CSP would be applied instead. The bad thing about this if the extension had specified a more stricter CSP in other parts (e.g. default-src, frame-src, etc), that it would be ignored.
- In Chrome, if it's missing or deemed insecure, the object-src directive is replaced with the default (`object-src 'self'`), and a warning message is logged. Now that I'm writing this out, this behavior doesn't sound too bad.
- In Safari there is no object-src requirement. IIRC this defaults to 'self'.

Author: @Rob--W I've now created a separate section to deal with `object-src`, please take a look and let me know if this is good to go.
